---
title: Culture
category: Company
sticky: true
---

As our team came together, some recurrent behaviors, values and interests started to emerge. What was originally the shared direction and set of personal values of our members cemented into a very tangible company culture. While it may sound enterprise-speak, it is important as we grow that we better identify our culture and work hard on preserving it.

## Vision & Mission

We envision **a team of experts working on projects that have an impact**. To make this a reality, both for our team and the teams we partner with, we believe in fostering a transparent, unassuming and meritocratic environment where people can freely experiment and organize to reach the best of our abilities.

We sometimes refer to our unofficial motto: "Build sh*t that matters".

## Values

Our vision and mission articulate around a few key values:

- **Care**. We're passionate about our craft and what we work on. The projects we engage in tend to have a high impact, either in scale (e.g. building apps for millions of users with Starbucks) or purpose (e.g. designing the software running the Myanmar elections). We "build sh*t that matters."
- **Do**. We prefer experimenting early and iterating upon our failures (and sometimes successes). This approach is far more efficient and fast than careful planning. When in doubt, frame the assumption you want to validate and design a way of validating it by doing. If somebody or something is a bottleneck, it is often better to not wait and go for it.
- **Share**. Our assumption is that most things should be shared publicly, and virtually anything should be accessible to our team members. We overuse tools like GitHub, Google Docs or Slack because it makes it easy to share everything we produce, including our discussions, with our team and the teams we work with.
- **Play nice**. Assume that the people you work with are well intentioned and capable. This is a prerequisite for people feeling comfortable experimenting, sharing and, more generally, collaborating. Just don't be a jerk.
- **Be skeptical**. You should assume that most things we do or use could be improved, changed or dropped. It's safe to assume that the tools and processes are the results of informed decisions, but not always. And even when they are, they can be challenged. Things often work until they don't: teams grow, technologies evolve, behaviors adapt.
- **[Loosely coupled, tightly aligned](/Company/loosely-coupled-tightly-aligned.html)**. This concept somehow permeates all layers of our organization. Our software is built upon this principle (e.g. micro-services, single page apps), and so are our teams, methodologies, and tools. Spotify's [engineering](https://labs.spotify.com/2014/03/27/spotify-engineering-culture-part-1/) [culture](https://labs.spotify.com/2014/09/20/spotify-engineering-culture-part-2/) is a great illustration of that concept.
